README.rst, before:

Slick
=====

A native web-based client for Slack.

.. Documentation
.. -------------

.. Documentation for Slick can be found on `Read The Docs`_.

Community
---------

Slick is part of the `BeeWare suite`_. You can talk to the community through:

* `@pybeeware on Twitter`_

* The `pybee/general`_ channel on Gitter.

We foster a welcoming and respectful community as described in our
`BeeWare Community Code of Conduct`_.

Contributing
------------

If you experience problems with Slick, `log them on GitHub`_. If you
want to contribute code, please `fork the code`_ and `submit a pull request`_.

.. _BeeWare suite: http://pybee.org
.. _Read The Docs: http://podium-app.readthedocs.org
.. _@pybeeware on Twitter: https://twitter.com/pybeeware
.. _pybee/general: https://gitter.im/pybee/general
.. _BeeWare Community Code of Conduct: http://pybee.org/community/behavior/
.. _log them on Github: https://github.com/pybee/podium/issues
.. _fork the code: https://github.com/pybee/podium
.. _submit a pull request: https://github.com/pybee/podium/pulls

Commit message:

Clarified the current state of the app.

README.rst, after:

Slick
=====

A native web-based client for Slack.

**This is an early stage demo.**

There's still a lot of work needed. For example, the current code
will *only* load the DjangoCon 2017 slack channel. There are all
sorts of possible improvements - and like all BeeWare projects,
pull requests are most welcome!

Quickstart
----------

.. note::
    These instructions may not work out of the box right now.
    You may need to install development versions of Toga in
    order for these instructions to work.

To run Slick, clone the repository, and run it as a module::

    $ git clone https://github.com/pybee/slick.git
    $ pip install -e .
    $ python -m slick

If you'd like this to be a standalone app, you can use Briefcase::

    $ pip install briefcase
    $ python setup.py macos

If you're on Windows, replace `macos` with `windows`; on Linux, replace
`macos` with `linux`. It should also work on iOS and Android by using
`ios` and `android`, respectively.

.. Documentation
.. -------------

.. Documentation for Slick can be found on `Read The Docs`_.

Community
---------

Slick is part of the `BeeWare suite`_. You can talk to the community through:

* `@pybeeware on Twitter`_

* The `pybee/general`_ channel on Gitter.

We foster a welcoming and respectful community as described in our
`BeeWare Community Code of Conduct`_.

Contributing
------------

If you experience problems with Slick, `log them on GitHub`_. If you
want to contribute code, please `fork the code`_ and `submit a pull request`_.

.. _BeeWare suite: http://pybee.org
.. _Read The Docs: http://podium-app.readthedocs.org
.. _@pybeeware on Twitter: https://twitter.com/pybeeware
.. _pybee/general: https://gitter.im/pybee/general
.. _BeeWare Community Code of Conduct: http://pybee.org/community/behavior/
.. _log them on Github: https://github.com/pybee/podium/issues
.. _fork the code: https://github.com/pybee/podium
.. _submit a pull request: https://github.com/pybee/podium/pulls
